[AUDIO LOGO]
>> So let's talk about
consciousness and tensions
and technology for a second,
because I don't want you guys
to just hear what I'm saying
without any ammunition that I
can actually give you
to base off of this on.
So here's what we know.
We know that there
are crafts here
that defy the laws of physics.
We know that there
are crafts that move
in ways that our own
physics says is impossible.
They're going 20,000 miles an
hour and make a sharp left.
The craft would explode, and
so would every single operator
in that craft.
We know that because
that's how physics works.
And yet, they're still doing it.
They're moving at speeds
that are unprecedented,
that are incomprehensible.
So here's the logic, because
I gave you the statement.
Here's the logic.
The statement is
extraterrestrial life
from elsewhere at
this point in time
is not negatively polarized.
We'll speak about
reptilians in just a second.
They fit into this equation.
The logic is this,
if we see crafts
that are defying the
laws of physics, that
means that the operators or
the creators of that technology
have a higher level of awareness
of physics as we know it.
Does that make sense so far?
If they have a higher level of
awareness of physics and science
as we know it, that
means that they're
much more advanced than we are.
And there's only two ways that
an advanced civilization can go.
You either wipe yourself
out, or you don't.
What are the implications
of you don't?
It means that you're
spiritually advanced.
Today here on
planet Earth, we're
extremely
technologically advanced.
And we lack spiritual awareness.
So we create technology
that hurts us.
We create technology
that's out of the law,
out of coherence of the laws
of creation as we know it.
And therefore, that
technology is destroying us.
And if we don't raise our
level of spiritual awareness,
that technology will take us out
just like it did with Atlantis.
Because Atlantis
is not just a myth.
There's also scriptures and
written things over there
to explain what really happened.
What happened over there,
what's happening right now.
Here's the statement, when
technological development
surpasses spiritual
development, the technology
will not be used in
a responsible way
and the civilization
will wipe themselves out.
So long as spiritual awareness
advances and surpasses
the level or at least
is at the same level
of technological awareness and
technological developments,
then we will be able to use that
technology in a responsible way.
The very fact that
they're coming here
with a technology that
supersedes anything
that we know and are still
alive and are not attacking
means that they are an
advanced civilization that
is advanced both spiritually
and technologically.
It means they can't be
here to come and hurt you.
Now I'll give you
another aspect of logic.
Let's follow the
money for a second.
Who do they threaten?
Well, if their technology is
what we think it is, and it is,
they're using free
energy technology.
Right now with what's going
on in the Middle East,
that's really a war
over natural gas.
If you see countries
fighting against each other
over natural gas, if
somebody came out today
with free energy technology,
all those countries,
the whole world
will come together
to take out that entity because
they share a common enemy now.
Why?
Because free energy
technology will
dismantle every single
industry on this planet--
technology,
transportation, medically,
and so on and so forth.
Therefore, over
the past 70 years
of this disclosure that we've
been seeing since what happened
in Roswell, New Mexico,
for the most part,
what we've been seeing really
is a narrative being spun.
First, extraterrestrials
are not real.
Today they're real.
They're here, but they're evil.
They're a threat to
national security.
Because if you can't get the--
if the people are already
at a point, which
most of the world is,
they believe that
extraterrestrial life is real,
they can't lie
about that anymore.
The next best thing to make sure
that certain people in power
retain that power is to make us
afraid of the very thing that
will free us for good.
Because if free energy
technology was here,
if free energy technology was
shared and given to the people,
the world would change
overnight for the better,
but for the worse
for certain people.
And that's how we have
to follow the money.
So where have we ever
heard a narrative
being spun to be afraid
of extraterrestrial life
that they're evil?
Hollywood.
That's where it started.
Dr, Steven Greer
showed documents
of the CIA creating
fake abductions
to make people afraid.
But they really felt that
that was their experience,
and they went and shared it.
Abductions in a negative way
has never happened before.
Dr. Steven Greer's documents of
what the CIA formulated actually
came to fruition.
Invasions never happened either.
As a matter of fact, if you go
to the incident at the White
House, the--
I forgot exactly
what it's called,
but it's the incident in
the White House in 1954,
if I believe.
There were 9 or 12 crafts
over the White House,
and they sent military jets
after them to go and shoot them
down.
You know what they did?
They retreated.
What about the invasion?
The only time we see
invasion is in the movies.
It's never happened.
So I'm giving you this
logic because I don't just
want it to be based
off of what I'm saying.
I want you to guys to understand
how consciousness works
and how all of this works
when it comes to intentions
mixed with consciousness.
If they're at that
level of awareness,
that resonance
does not know war.
That resonance does
not know greed.
not know separation.
As a matter of fact, when
did they start coming here?
They started coming here in
terms of the most recent history
that we know-- because they've
been here for a long time.
They started coming
here most recently
during Hiroshima and Nagasaki,
because nuclear bombs are really
scalar weapons.
Scalar weapons, scalar energy
is an energy that moves faster
than the speed of light.
And when you weaponize
something that moves faster
than the speed of light--
and I know that that's hard
for some physicists in the room
because that's not something
that's exactly accepted.
But when you create something
that operates faster
than the speed of light, it's
an interdimensional warfare
that you're creating.
You're now impacting
something that's potentially
a billion light years away.
That's when extraterrestrial
life comes in.
There's a reason why
extraterrestrial life has
been seen shutting down nuclear
missile bases over the past 50,
60 years-- because that's a
threat not just to planet Earth,
but to the universe as a whole.
It's starting to go
interdimensionally
because of scalar weaponry and
how that technology is used.
But scalar energy can be used
in a very good way, which
is what this is all about,
which I'll speak about
in just a second.
So again, now
comes the question,
if what I'm saying is true
and if it makes sense,
there's a very big elephant in
the room, what about reptilians?
What about that whole race that
many people have experienced,
that people are coming and
saying, they're evil ETs?
And that's this slide.
No, it's not.
That's this slide.
And then I'll show you that
video in just a second.
If you ask the organization--
first, let's step
back for a second.
A lot of people, couple
with reptilian life,
this idea of shape-shifting.
Shape-shifting, let's
ground that for a second.
If a caterpillar can
turn into a butterfly,
that means that
shape-shifting is something
that happens in nature.
It's two completely
different things.
Caterpillar is not a butterfly.
Literally goes through a
metamorphosis to shift its form,
to go from something that
walks to something that flies.
It uses a different
medium of transportation
after its metamorphosis.
So we know that it's
possible in nature.
And a lot of people,
when it comes
to the reptilians or
the reptilian race
have coupled or associated
shapeshifting with that.
And suddenly,
shape-shifters are bad.
It's not true.
There are individuals
that have that ability,
and they're human beings.
They're just a different
race within human beings,
just like there are Black
people and white people.
What's the difference?
We have different genetics.
So there are different genetics
to individuals that are
able to do something like that.
And some of those people will
operate in a negative way,
and some of those people will
operate in a positive way.
As a matter of fact, the head
of the New York chapter of TLS
has the ability to shape-shift.
She was brought in when
she was 23 years old.
She was helped to develop
that genetic marker that she
has within her body, and she can
shift into different forms as
crazy as that sounds.
What it's really
doing is just changing
in a very quick way the
density of your body
to be able to become less
dense, to shift the form,
and redensify, if you
want to call that.
When you do that, you
can shift your form.
Shapeshifting does
not equate reptilian.
Reptilian is a race within--
it comes from here.
At this point in life, it
comes from planet Earth.
Now was there a
point-- or could there
have been a point in
the past where they've
come from a different planet?
Yeah, you guys think you don't
come from different planets
in the past?
We all have different origins
of where we come from.
The point over here--
and this is now
me being the spokesperson
for the organization
because it's a very
important statement.
One of their goals is
intergalactic unity.
We will not be able to
reach intergalactic unity
so long as we're
afraid of a race that
doesn't exist in the way that
we've been told they exist.
They are not ETs coming
from somewhere else
to come and kill you.
They're races that may have been
extraterrestrial at some point,
as we all probably have at some
point, that are inbred within us
that have a different
consciousness, that
operate in different ways.
As a matter of fact, we
all have a reptilian brain.
Our hindbrain is
a reptilian brain.
We share that brain with
reptiles, with lizards,
and so on and so forth.
And that brain
operates out of fear.
It's a lower resonance.
That lower resonance will
cause you to go and do things
like war or corruption
or greed or murder
or whatever it may be
and not really care
because you're coming from
a different resonance.
It's all a game of consciousness
and energies and resonances.
When you're coming from a
lower dimensional thought
process, a lower
dimensional consciousness,
you will do things like that.
At this point, we've
been infiltrated,
because look at the
world around us.
Reptilian or not,
we're all doing that.
Maybe not us in this room,
but the collective right now
is in a state of war.
And if we want to
overcome that, we
have to understand the
mechanism by which this occurred
so we can break out of that.
Just like if you're in a
prison, how do you break out?
I give you the blueprint.
If you have the blueprint
of how the prison was built,
you have the blueprint
and the key of how
to break out of that prison.
If anybody watched the movie--
or the show "Prison Break,"
that's how he did it.
Michael Schofield broke into the
prison, but he was an architect.
So he broke into the prison
with blueprints beforehand.
And he studied that prison.
And how did he break
into the prison?
He committed a crime in order
to break his brother out.
And he went into the
jail that his brother
was in with the intention
of breaking his brother out,
all because he had the
blueprints of the prison.
One of the keys of what TLS is
trying to bring to the table
here is to bring the
blueprints of how all of this
works to humanity so we
can use our own free will
in a productive way.
Instead of playing a
game of hot and cold
or trial and error with a
blindfold on, we have guidance.
And if we have
guidance, we can shift
how that whole thing works.
So there's another video
I want to show you here.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Why would they bother coming
all the way here from there
to place a planet like
Earth with everything
we're experiencing today?
[SUSPENSE MUSIC]
>> Universal awareness.
Once you get to universal
oneness, a true one
with unconditional
love, unselfish love,
they understand that
we are all connected.
That means if you are
hurting here on Earth,
it is affecting them.
So it's in their benefit
to come in and try
to fix things if they can.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> So one thing I want to
speak about on that topic,
we think in terms of us
and them here on Earth.
A higher consciousness
does not think in that way.
You see, we as human beings
have individual bodies.
We have universal awareness
within our bodies.
We don't have
universal awareness
within the universe as a whole.
What do I mean by that?
If you had an infection
on your pinky toe,
you would go treat
it right away.
Because although it's
far from your brain,
you're going to have a problem
if you don't do something
about that.
It may be far. it may be the
furthest point away from you.
But if you don't do something
about that, you feel it.
It will grow.
It will spread to the
rest of your body,
take over, and
eventually kill you.
Now let's look at all
life in the universe
as cells of a single body.
That's why it's
called a universe.
OK, we're all connected.
I'm not talking about
multiverses right now.
There's still one thing
that connects all.
There's one unified
field of consciousness.
Right now on planet
Earth, if there's
a starving child in Africa
or genocides going on
around the world, because
there have been many,
most people say, well, I'm good.
I got food on my
table for my family,
and that's all I
really care about.
But are you?
Because if a part of your being
on the other side of the planet
is hurting and you
don't feel that,
that just means
that you're numb.
It doesn't mean
that you're good.
The difference between
extraterrestrial life
and us here on planet
Earth as a collective
is that they can feel what's
going on the other side,
because they're tapped
into universal awareness.
That's the key of TLS is to
bring in universal awareness
back into the consciousness
of we, the people.
Because if we can move back
into universal awareness, when
something happens on the
other side of the planet
or on the other side of the
universe, you will feel it.
You won't be able
to sleep at night,
just like you can't sleep
at night when you have
an infection in your pinky toe.
So is there an agenda
to keep us afraid
and away from
extraterrestrial life?
And that's what I said
about follow the money.
It's about understanding
how certain narratives are
being drawn in order
to get people afraid.
There's a video I want
to show, and then we're
going to get moving into
this with the 20 minutes
that we have left.
This is very important to
understand certain narratives
and how to break through those
narratives through awareness.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> You're speaking about
what many people refer
to as Operation Blue Beam.
>> There's an operation called
the Phoenix Light Project.
Tens of thousands of people
witness to a craft about a mile
long, a mile in the sky.
People saw it.
This is a hologram.
You're looking at a hologram.
It's so real.
You feel you could
reach out and touch it.
Over 10,000 witnesses saw that.
They believe they
saw an aircraft.
The ETs are coming.
Now imagine tomorrow,
you're going
to see thousands of aircraft.
That is big, smaller,
but aircrafts
coming in, flying all over the
United States, Europe, whatever
it is.
And then you're
going to be attacked.
But those attacks will
happen with real missiles
or real planes.
You understand?
They're going to say,
my government is right.
They want to protect me.
You declare an emergency.
You declare one
world government.
Nobody will resist.
People will say thank you.
And that's how you take over.
>> Wow.
>> They have the technology that
can do this tomorrow morning.
The information
that you were being
fed that bad ETs are coming
to get you, nonsense, all BS,
doesn't exist.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> They cannot do that
if we're aware of it.
That's how you foil a plan.
They can only do
something, something
like that if we have
a lack of awareness.
So again, the principle that
I'm trying to share here
is through awareness,
we become free.
Through universal awareness,
we experience peace.
That's the key of
shedding light on what's
going on all around this world.
It's not to enhance and
make the dark more powerful.
It's to illuminate
the dark with light.
Because if you try to fight
it, you're not going to win.
If you simply turn the
light on in the room,
that darkness dissipates--
because light is much,
much stronger than darkness.
The last thing I want
to speak about today
is TLS UNIFYD
Healing and EESystem
to show you guys the power
of this organization,
because they're the reason
why this thing exists
all around the world right now.
As a matter of fact, it
started in Las Vegas.
I'm going to tell this
story as fast as I can
because I have 15 minutes left.
In April of 2022, I
put on a virtual event
called The Shift on UNIFYD TV.
One of the interviewers
and hosts of the shift
is Scott McKay.
He was interviewing a couple
by the name of Ty and Charlene
Bollinger.
One of the disinformation
dozen that the White House said
are one of the 12
most dangerous people
on this planet because they
were sharing awareness of what
was going on,
medically speaking,
around the world at that time.
They were a threat
to people in power.
In that interview, my family
was watching that interview.
And he was speaking
about-- and Scott McKay
was speaking about this
technology and this doctor that
lives in Las Vegas 10,
15 minutes from here,
Dr. Sandra Rose Michael,
inventor of the EESystem.
I never heard about this.
I wasn't watching the
interview, as a matter
of fact, because I was doing
other things logistically
for that event.
But my family was.
And at the time, my aunt had
a 13 and 1/2-centimeter cystic
fibroid in her uterus.
And doctors were saying,
you've got to go do surgery,
it could be cancer,
it could be this.
And my family likes
going alternative
before we go into
Western medicine.
I think Western medicine
holds a very important role
in the world, but
it's completely
out of proportion in
terms of what we're doing
and how we're dealing with it.
So we always like trying other
things before going, hey,
let's remove this
thing from you,
because that's obviously
not the root of the problem.
So my family asked me,
specifically my father--
my father or my
mother called me.
And they're like, what's
going on with this technology?
Because they're into the
alternative world and health
wise.
Said, what's this technology?
We want to learn more.
And I said, well,
I have no idea.
Connect with Scott.
I'll give you his number
and speak to the inventor.
They did.
They connected with Dr.
Sandra Rose Michael.
And they decided to send my
aunt to one of the only systems
out there, which
was a public center.
There were 19 public centers
back in April of 2022,
just a year and a half ago.
And the closest one to
our house in New York
was in Verona, New Jersey.
We sent her to a big 24-unit
system, much bigger than this.
And in four hours, she
was back to herself.
We're looking, what the
hell just happened there?
Now I'm inherently
a skeptical person.
So my first thing that
ran through my mind
was, it's got to be placebo
or the power of thought.
I still am not convinced that
there is an objective power
to this technology.
Same day, my sister's dog has a
4-centimeter tumor in his neck
that we found.
We said, send him to the system.
We send him to the
system with my aunt,
sleep there for three nights.
Three nights later,
the dog no longer
has the tumor in his neck.
That's where the placebo and
the power of thought, they were
completely went to the garbage.
Because it's a dog,
and it's not a human.
It works differently.
So now I put my hands
up, and I was intrigued.
I was interested.
And I didn't really
understand what was going on,
but I wanted to speak
to the inventor.
I got on a call with
Dr. Sandra Rose Michael.
Never heard about her before,
never experienced the technology
myself at that point.
I got on a call with her.
We're talking, talking, talking.
On the call, she goes, by the
way, I work with your people.
They approached me back in 2011.
In July of 2011,
TLS approached me.
And I'm like, what?
You're not even allowed to
tell me that if that's true.
So there was this weird
thing going on within me
because I'm like, is she lying?
I don't really know
who this woman is.
Let me make a phone
call, because I
felt that there was something
going on there that was bigger
than just a simple phone call.
So I call Ray.
And I say, hey, do
you know anything
about what's going on here?
And he starts laughing at me.
And he said, just keep going.
You're in the right direction.
I'm like, what do you mean?
I don't know what that means.
And he said, just keep going.
You got to go interview her.
And I said.
OK, why?
I just moved to Miami.
I was 25.
I just moved to my--
24.
I just moved to Miami.
And I'm like, listen, I
want to relax for a second.
I want to relax.
I don't want to go
to Vegas right now.
I'll do it over Zoom.
Then the organization
got involved.
They're like, you're
not doing it over Zoom.
You're going to go
interview this doctor.
And basically, back and
forth, I kept saying no.
And it got to a point
where they said,
listen, you're
getting on a plane,
we're putting you on a plane.
They put me over here in
the Wynn Hotel or the Encore
or whatever it was.
They said, go
interview the doctor.
And I said, under one condition,
I'd bring my father with me.
We're going to do
a father-son trip.
So I used them to
pay for a trip.
And I said, let's go, guys.
Let's have a good time.
I'll do the interview.
Just leave me alone.
So we made a whole
trip out of it.
We had a great time.
And I interviewed Dr.
Sandra Rose Michael myself.
I didn't have a
production team with me.
I brought my cameras
in my backpack,
sat down with her for an
hour, did the interview.
And I said, listen--
I told her whole family--
I'm like, listen, I know
you guys don't know me,
and I don't know you.
But the organization's
behind this.
And if the organization's
behind this,
it's going to be
bigger than we expect.
I don't know what's
about to happen,
but I need you to prepare
for what's about to happen.
And her son, Michael, who
is the CEO of the company,
he's like, OK, whatever you say.
I'm like, you might want to hire
somebody, like extra people.
He's like, OK, OK,
whatever you say.
So I put the--
I did the interview on May 22nd.
May 27th, it comes
out, five days later.
This was a Friday, 12:00
PM Eastern Time, May 27th.
Comes out.
I still don't know
what happened,
but this is the power
of the organization.
I want to show you guys how
obvious their interference is
because there's no other way
this could have happened.
The interview comes out.
The next day, within 24 hours,
they receive 70,000 emails from
people all around the world.
They gave me a task.
They said, you've got to
go interview this doctor.
Three-pronged approach,
three-pronged task--
make people aware
of this technology,
make it more affordable, make it
more accessible because it's not
cheap.
90% of the technology
being sold was
being sold to very rich
people because those were
the ones that could afford it.
Only 10% were public centers.
They wanted me to shift
that ratio to make it 90/10
public/private.
I said, I don't know how
I'm going to do that,
but I'll follow what
you guys are asking out
of respect to you guys.
In the interview, all I
said was, to the viewers,
if this resonates
with you, if you
want to help fulfill what
we're trying to do here,
don't just buy the
technology for yourself.
Open a center.
Open a center somewhere
around the world
and make this
affordable for people
all around the world
instead of buying it
for your own private home.
That way, you can use it, and
other people can use it as well.
That 10 or 20-second portion
of the hour and five minute
interview is what caused
70,000 people to email EESystem
and say, we're in, we're ready.
Michael started freaking out.
He's like, Jason, I don't
know what's going on.
I told him-- I'm like, Michael,
I have no idea what's going on.
But they were involved.
There was no other way that
this is going to happen.
In June of 2022, a
few days later, three,
four days later, I created
something called UNIFYD Healing.
UNIFYD Healing was
an idea that came
from the place of there's
all these people that
want to open up these centers.
How are people going to
know that they exist?
So I created
overnight in 24 hours
UNIFYD Healing, which
I basically used
the user base of UNIFYD TV.
And I created this
platform to show them,
look at this technology and
all these new centers that
are going to be opening today
with the help, of course,
of the organization.
And thankfully, to
everybody that stepped up--
when I say with the help
of the organization,
they have never put
a dollar into this.
As a matter of fact,
I'm not allowed
to make a dollar
from this either.
That was a part of the deal.
The idea over here is we
create this organization--
it's a nonprofit
organization-- to bring more
awareness to these
centers around the world
and to use those funds
to continue the mission.
As a matter of fact, a
few people from our team,
including the manager of the
entire UNIFYD Healing team,
is here today.
And thanks to him and
his team, in a year
and a few months, today--
how many?
What's the number?
We've opened 363 centers in over
40 countries around the world.
[APPLAUSE]
So I say that because I
want you guys to understand
who's behind this.
I could not have
done this myself.
Ben and Lily could not
have done that themselves.
We, obviously, put a lot
of work and a lot of hours,
and we work our butts
off to make this happen.
But there was a
force and a power
behind this that made it
happen because I was not
the first person to interview
Dr. Sandra Rose Michael.
And I wasn't the last either.
So what was the difference?
The difference was there
were people behind this
to put it out.
People were ready
to hear the message.
And people were
ready to take action
to open 363 centers
in a year and a half
with 500 on a
wait-list because we
couldn't open others too close
to each other is something
that McDonald's didn't
do when they opened.
It's something that Starbucks
didn't do when they opened.
So what I always
say is very simple.
Number one, this is the energy
enhancement system cube.
And this is what
I'm talking about.
And unfortunately,
I don't have time
to dive into how this
whole thing works.
But it basically creates an
enhanced, energetic environment
to help your body do
what it does best,
and that's heal itself.
When you cut your
arm, you don't have
to think about it
healing itself.
You can go to sleep.
You can be in a coma.
You can be in a
business meeting.
You can be awake.
The body will
always do one thing.
And that is heal itself, bring
itself back into balance.
When I first saw
this thing, I didn't
understand what was
going on because it just
looks like screens and
lights and computers.
And that's why I was skeptical.
And again, I don't have time to
go into the science behind it,
but there are
different interviews
that you guys can watch to
explain the science so you
understand it for yourself
in a very grounded way.
What I want to leave you
all off with over here
is to never look outside
of yourself for an answer.
There can be organizations
and awesome people
doing awesome things.
They're not your saviors.
They're not your heroes.
They're not somebody that's
going to come and save you.
They can help you.
They can guide you.
The key is to return
back into your own power.
It's defined what universal
awareness actually
looks like within
yourself and help
radiate that newfound awareness
and energy to everybody
around you.
And that's why I always
say, only we can save us,
and only you can save you.
I want to say thank you guys
very much for your time.
Thank you for having
me, and I look forward
to seeing you guys
at future events.
Thank
[APPLAUSE]
[AUDIO LOGO]